Fix/pmftxyz query orientations (#566)
glotzerlab/freud: ChangeLog.md

### Changed
* The make\_random\_box system method no longer overwrites the NumPy global random number generator state.

> * The face\_orientations argument of PMFTXYZ must be provided as an Nx2 array and must be identical for all query points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The face\_orientations argument of PMFTXYZ must be provided as an Mx4 array, where M is the number of symmetrically equivalent particle orientations.
```
